When have we ever followed orders?
We've stayed
off the Empire's radar since Kamino.
I'd like to keep it that way.
Pull off this heist,
and you can buy your freedom.
We're already free.
It's cute you think that.
More and more of our brothers are
waking up to what's been done to them.
We should be doing more.
The progress we are making
in the field of cloning is
of great importance to the Emperor.
We shall usher in a new era.
We make our own decisions.
Our own choices.
And we have to live with them too.
Help him!
He is expendable, as are you.
Lieutenant.
Your former squad,
they're in possession of something I need.
The kid.
Plan 88. They're after Omega.
I found a recent distress message sent
from Crosshair's old code.
Crosshair turned on the Empire?
If there's a chance to get him back,
we have to take it.
Sacrifices have to be made
for the greater good.
When have we ever followed orders?
No!
Tech!
The Empire's here.
What did you do?
I did not come here for them, Omega.
I came to return you to Nala Se.
Why did they bring me here?
We are going to get her back.
And we don't stop searching until we do.
Shuttle 135 to Tantiss base. Do you copy?
Affirmative, 135.
What is your status?
On final approach,
but visibility is limited.
You're cleared for landing.
Stay on course.
Whoa!
Mayday! Mayday!
Our systems are unresponsive. Do you copy?
I can't restore power.
We're going down!
TK-343 to base. Do you copy?
We have to get moving.
There are creatures in this jungle.
Relax. The lurca hounds keep them at bay.
Not this far out.
We need to--
TK-343 to base. Send backup!
What's that?
Why hasn't the shuttle arrived yet?
Sir, the vessel crashed in sector four.
Should I send a recovery team?
- Negative.
- Over there!
If they're past the perimeter,
then they're as good as dead.
Good morning, Omega.
How are you feeling today?
Like a prisoner.
I want to leave.
Prisoner? Omega, you are no such thing.
It will take time to adjust,
but you will acclimate.
It is far safer in here than out there.
Come.
We have much to do.
And now,
I need to take a blood sample from you.
From me?
Why?
The samples are used
for various research projects.
All of us serve a purpose here.
It won't hurt.
Can you at least tell me
where my brothers are?
I do not know.
If you're a clone like me,
how come I never saw you on Kamino?
Because I was sent elsewhere
until Dr. Hemlock took me under his wing.
He saw potential in me,
like Nala Se sees in you.
I never knew that I had a sister.
It's nice not being alone.
Head to the lab.
Nala Se is expecting these.
Thank you, Omega.
Omega, your sample was taken?
Mm-hmm. Emerie said it was routine.
Why are you discarding it?
Tell no one.
It is safer this way.
This research,
it's not like what we did on Kamino,
is it?
No, it is not.
I don't understand.
Why did they bring me here?
To ensure that I cooperate.
The Empire seeks the reproduction
of a genetic M-count,
but the experiments on the specimens
have yet to yield the desired result.
What specimens?
You mean the clones?
No. Not the clones.
How nice to see you reunited
with your trusted assistant.
I'm sure Omega's presence here
will only strengthen your efforts.
Shall we head to the vault?
See to your remaining tasks.
Hi, Batcher.
Hmm. Still won't eat the food, huh?
I don't blame you.
Here. I saved you some of mine.
Better?
I'll bring you more tomorrow.
Crosshair.
I tried to come earlier, but there were
too many guards watching me.
You shouldn't be down here at all.
Well,
how else are we gonna plan an escape?
There is no "we."
And there is no escape.
I've already tried.
Every stronghold has a weak point.
Maybe I can convince Emerie to help.
She's one of us.
Not every clone is your ally.
You trust too easily.
Maybe you don't trust enough.
Crosshair?
Just... [sighs] ...go,
before you make things worse
for both of us.
There has to be a way out of here.
I'll find it.
Good morning, Omega.
Good morning.
Let's begin.
Batcher?
K-9X1! Hurry!
What is the issue?
Batcher's hurt.
LH-201 sustained injuries
during the nightly patrol.
If her wounds do not heal,
the subject will be terminated.
Then do something to help her!
I am not a medical droid.
It is not part of my programming.
Now, look.
I need to clean your wound
for it to get better.
It'll only hurt for a second,
so put those teeth away and behave.
See? That's not so bad.
I dressed Batcher's wounds
as best as I could.
At least she didn't bite me.
That's progress, right?
If she doesn't get better soon...
Maybe I can steal a med kit from the lab
and see if there's anything I can use--
Stop.
What is your primary objective?
Escape.
Then stop wasting time on lost causes.
Forget the hound, forget me,
and complete the mission.
Not without you.
If I get the chance to escape, I wouldn't
think twice about leaving you behind.
You're lying!
You wouldn't do that. You're my brother.
I'm not them.
I'm not giving up, Crosshair.
I won't let you either.
Omega.
Don't risk anything for me.
I belong in here.
None of us belong in here.
What's going on?
Surprise inspection.
Standard procedure.
Clear.
Bring it here.
We've been over this before, Omega.
Personal items are forbidden.
I'll dispose of it.
Don't!
Please, Emerie.
It is for your own good.
Come.
We have work to do.
The Emperor should be pleased
we accomplished a successful transfer.
Not when the M-count was
severely diminished in the process.
If we do not match or exceed
the specimens' original count,
it is a failure.
If you cannot produce the desired results,
I'll have to reconsider the freedoms
I've given to your young assistant.
I would hate to think you were
intentionally delaying this advancement.
You should not question
my loyalty to science, Doctor.
Of course.
And we shall soon see if
the Emperor is as understanding as I am.
Hey, Batcher.
Look at you.
You're almost at a hundred percent.
Did you not read
the standing orders for the day?
LH-201 has been slated for termination.
What? Why? She's healed.
The creature's recent domesticated
disposition has been deemed a liability.
But that's my fault, not hers.
It is protocol.
Let go!
Security alert.
Calling security.
Batcher, come!
Now you need to run away
and not come back, okay?
And try not to bite anyone.
I can't go with you yet.
I have to get Crosshair first.
Go on!
Batcher, go!
Breaking the rules, I see.
And releasing a weak lurca hound
into the wild?
I didn't know you were so cruel, Omega.
Me? You were gonna terminate her.
And you believe
your actions changed that outcome?
Now, some rotations ago,
one of our shuttles crashed
just beyond this mountain.
But that is not what killed them.
No,
it was the creatures that roam the jungle.
Even our strongest lurca hounds struggle
against what's beyond these walls.
And your domestication of LH-201
only made her vulnerable.
You don't know she won't survive.
She deserves a chance.
Oh, the flawed logic
of an idealistic child.
Emotion and sentiment have no place
within these walls.
You would do well to remember that.
Or what?
Doctor,
perhaps I should return Omega to her room.
You have more to say?
I know you brought me here
to make Nala Se cooperate.
You need her.
She won't work for you if you hurt me.
Of course I'm not gonna hurt you, Omega.
Your friend in the detention block,
however, may not be as fortunate.
Don't hurt Crosshair!
He didn't do anything.
I did have plans for CT-9904,
despite his resistance to reeducation,
but I am willing to make a few sacrifices
if your misbehavior continues.
Actions always have consequences.
Sometimes not in the ways we imagine.
Take her back to her room
and restrict her access.
Go away.
- Omega.
- Please. Just...
go.